Improve reviewing PRs guide (#34411)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/contribute/review/reviewing-prs.md

     section at the bottom of the **Conversation** tab.
     Here's a screenshot (this shows GitHub's desktop site; if you're reviewing
     on a tablet or smartphone device, the GitHub web UI is slightly different):
     {{< figure src="/images/docs/github_netlify_deploy_preview.png" alt="GitHub pull request details including link to Netlify preview" >}}
     To open the preview, click on the  **Details** link of the **deploy/netlify** line in the
     list of checks.

4. Go to the **Files changed** tab to start your review.

   - Click on the `+` symbol  beside the line you want to comment on.
   - Fill in any comments you have about the line and click either **Add single comment**
      (if you have only one comment to make) or  **Start a review** (if you have multiple comments to make).
   - When finished, click **Review changes** at the top of the page. Here, you can add
     a summary of your review (and leave some positive comments for the contributor!),
     approve the PR, comment or request changes as needed. Please always use the "Comment"
     option when finishing your review.

>      - Avoid clicking the "Request changes" button when finishing your review.
>        If you want to block a PR from being merged before some further changes are made, you can leave a comment "/hold".
>        The "Request changes" status is sticky and it can only be discarded by privileged contributors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       If you want to block a PR from being merged before some further changes are made, you can leave a comment "/hold".
       Mention why you're setting a hold, and optionally specify what conditions you'd expect to see met before removing
       the hold.
```

>      - Avoid clicking the "Approve" button when finishing your review.

Reviewer: We should explain _why_ to avoid this.

>        Leaving a "/lgtm" comment is sufficient most of the time.

Author: **To reviewers:**

These are the main changes for this PR.
All other changes are about indentation and long line wrapping.
